honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ?
a committee . was achievement for determining qualified
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of this committee .
and I expected the committee admits that it does knew too what to do with the senators independent .
what will not strike so about at this time .
the Committee on can show some members of the selection impact .
on the business which reshape a senator within the next two years .
it is a principle , because , in committee , to determine what some important committee these nine senators sit senators .
one of my to realize that was introduced in the sitting of the committee to attend the nine therefore senators yesterday .
it was sent a replacement .
honourable person , I do name senators .
you can see now to how i am friendly , is would it not ?
will have to find in their own senators who was the fault . research
when an individual , it must accept the work a do .
the women who sit on the Senate have proven .
they remplissaient their duty much more that the majority of the men in the Senate .
i remember that in the February by the former Veterans of the committee to the sessions held 1998 .
Ni the Senate or the House of Commons do not sitting at that stage .
the Liberals have sat in the proceedings of the committee , all three senators of women .
to this could not find a man of the officers of the Senate committee .
i could cite , word by word , what the hon. senator Carstairs took answered the question I asked .
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? "
it has stated that she was the first to deal with the question of the representation of women in a report .
that what it did was drafted on the parliamentary associations in 1993 .
were of at the time only formées Les delegations men .
on this matter , I remind that I have been replaced by the senator Finestone for a number of years .
however , I still the opportunity to look my association preferred re - enter .
i do not know how about these two senators , when the decision or will be honourable House reports .
each time that the senators are verdict on television .
other students , or wondered journalists or by a group of of .
that say we do ?
it is true , and I will believe .
however , that should being translated in the facts .
i do not think to the replacing .
in a position in a committee , he should participate or if it all accept the meetings a senator intended .
we are not in the members of the words in which the corridors :
there will a vote today and in committee , to committee after two years of education , do you Présentez final " '' .
they do not even know what they are viewed , but they sang came to when their leadership sang to them .
they do not know absolutely not given what has been happening .
to the words " and " in the way our honourable '' , " continuité senators are dedication speech .
beginning to the way we will reflect on the situation , the next two weeks of senators in address the independent .
if we are not who are concerned about the committee , I do of my own créerai parliamentarians the world affairs .
no one can we are gained .
his Honour the Speaker :
if any other hon. senator do wishes to speak , you is it the pleasure , honourable senators , to adopt the motion ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to )
