honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a committee . was achievement for determining qualified 
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of this committee . 
and I expected the committee admits that it does knew too what to do with the senators independent . 
what will not strike so about at this time . 
the members of the Committee for determining qualified can make a some impact . 
on the business which reshape a senator within the next two years . 
it comes to a committee important , because , in principle , these nine senators determine at what committee sit some senators . 
I am therefore introduced in the sitting of a committee that yesterday to realize that one of the nine senators not attend . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable person , I do name senators . 
you can see now to how i am friendly , is would it not ? 
the senators will make their own research to find who was on fault . 
when an individual accept an outstanding job , it must the do . 
the women who sit on the Senate have proven . 
they remplissaient their duty much more that the majority of the men in the Senate . 
i remember as the sessions that held the to the committee by the former Veterans in February 1998 . 
Ni the Senate or the House of Commons do not sitting at that stage . 
three senators Liberals saw to proceedings of the committee , all of a women . 
the officers of the Senate could not find a man . this committee to 
i could cite , word by word , what the hon. senator Carstairs took answered the question I asked . 
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? " 
it has stated that she was the first to deal with the question of the representation of women in a report . 
that what it did was drafted on the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
Les delegations to the day were formées only of men . 
on this matter , I remind that I have been replaced by the senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I look still the opportunity to re - enter my association preferred . 
honourable senators , I do not know how or when the House will a ruling in regard of these two reports . 
each time that the senators are verdict on television . 
or wondered by a group of students , of journalists or any . 
that say we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , that should being translated in the facts . 
i do not think to the replacing . 
if a senator accept this position in a committee , he or is she should participate in all the meetings intended . 
we are not of the members which the words in the corridors : 
" Présentez do you to the committee today and , after two years of student , there will a vote final in committee '' . 
they do not even know what they are viewed , but they sang came to when their leadership sang to them . 
they do not know absolutely not given what has been happening . 
honourable senators , the words " continuité " and " dedication '' , come to the way in our speech . 
to reflect on the two coming weeks and starting in the way we will address the situation from senators independent . 
if we do the are doing not , I créerai my own committee of parliamentarians who are concerned that deal with international affairs . 
no one can we are gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. senator do wishes to speak , you is it the pleasure , honourable senators , to adopt the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motion agreed to , and the report agreed . ) 
