that has happened here , senators , honourable last Tuesday ? 
achievement committee was . selection a 
yesterday I attended the meeting of the first through that committee . 
what I do what to do with the expected the committee and senators knew it admits that independent too . 
what will not so the concern about at this time . 
the Committee on can show some members of the selection impact . 
in the business of the next two years . that on reshape a senator 
it is a principle , because , in committee , to determine what some important committee these nine senators sit senators . 
one of my to realize that was introduced in the sitting of the committee to attend the nine therefore senators yesterday . 
it was sent a . replacement 
i do , name honourable senators person . 
i am , is - you now to see how friendly ' t it ? 
will have to find in their own senators who was the fault . research 
when an individual , it must accept the work a do . 
the sitting on the women who have proven Senate . 
the majority of the men in that duty they much more remplissaient their the Senate . 
i remember that in the February by the former Veterans of the committee to the sessions held 1998 . 
the House of Commons to the Senate that point . Ni or sitting do 
the Liberals have sat in the proceedings of the committee , all three senators of women . 
to this could not find a man of the officers of the Senate committee . 
i could cite the question I asked what has responded to the word , senator Carstairs word , to the hon. . 
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? " 
the first has stated that she was to address it in a women representation in the report of the . 
on the parliamentary associations in that what it did was drafted in 1993 . 
were of at the time only formées Les delegations men . 
I been replaced by on this issue in the senator , for a number of years . Finestone 
however , I still the opportunity to look my association preferred re - enter . 
i do not know how about these two senators , when the decision or will be honourable House reports . 
to the each time that the verdict senators are television . 
other students , or wondered journalists or by a group of of . 
that we do ? say 
it is true , and I will believe . 
bring should be in the however , it facts . 
i do not think to the . replacing 
in a position in a committee , he should participate or if it all accept the meetings a senator intended . 
we are not in the members of the words in which the corridors : 
there will a vote today and in committee , to committee after two years of education , do you Présentez final " '' . 
what they are the leaders , but they do not even know when they the hand their sang sang viewed them . 
not they do what has know past . absolutely 
to the words " and " in the way our honourable '' , " continuité senators are dedication speech . 
beginning to the way we will reflect on the situation , the next two weeks of senators in address the independent . 
if we are not who are concerned about the committee , I do of my own créerai parliamentarians the world affairs . 
gained no one can . we are 
the Speaker : Honour his 
is it the pleasure of the honourable wishes to speak , if you do , any other hon. senator senators , to adopt the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
